README.md, before:

### Hi there 👋

I'm the developer of zmNinja, zmeventnotification, mlapi, pyzm and other interesting things for home security systems. I've had a lot of fun creating cool stuff for ZM over the last 6 years but have unfortunately run out of time to actively maintain these projects. [Read more here](https://forums.zoneminder.com/viewtopic.php?f=33&t=30996). I'll continue to fiddle around in my spare time, but can't offer active support.

All my original repos were moved over to ZoneMinder org - you'll see forked versions here. Please don't send any PRs my way, send them to the ZoneMinder repos please:
- [zmNinja](https://github.com/ZoneMinder/zmNinja)
- [ZM Event Server](https://github.com/ZoneMinder/zmeventnotification)
- [ML API](https://github.com/ZoneMinder/mlapi)
- [pyzm](https://github.com/ZoneMinder/pyzm)

<!--
**pliablepixels/pliablepixels** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

Commit message:

Revise README to reflect current projects and AI usage
Removed introductory section and added personal insights on using AI tools for software development.

README.md, after:

### Hi there 👋

I'm the developer of zmNinja, zmeventnotification, mlapi, pyzm and other interesting things for home security systems. I've had a lot of fun creating cool stuff for ZM over the last 6 years but have unfortunately run out of time to actively maintain these projects. [Read more here](https://forums.zoneminder.com/viewtopic.php?f=33&t=30996). I'll continue to fiddle around in my spare time, but can't offer active support.

All my original repos were moved over to ZoneMinder org - you'll see forked versions here. Please don't send any PRs my way, send them to the ZoneMinder repos please:
- [zmNinja](https://github.com/ZoneMinder/zmNinja)
- [ZM Event Server](https://github.com/ZoneMinder/zmeventnotification)
- [ML API](https://github.com/ZoneMinder/mlapi)
- [pyzm](https://github.com/ZoneMinder/pyzm)

### One more thing...

These days I'm leveraging agentic AI tools to build software. Times have changed. These tools are getting really good, as long as you know how to use them. For example, on a whim, I spent a few days rewriting zmNinja. The new version has more features, is more stable and has more features. Did the first version in 2.5 days and have been messing around since then. I don't know what I'll land up doing with it. I will, at some point, just make it available in the forums and ask folks to self support (they can use one of the many AI tools to fix their own version, or make PRs into mine after review). Check it out: [zmNg](https://github.com/pliablepixels/zmNg)
